README.md, before:

# BanksAgainstBitcoin
## A blacklist of banks that block movements to or from Bitcoin/Crypto related services. ##

In this blacklist you can find and report banks that are blocking of limiting transactions to / from Bitcoin or Crypto related services.
<br>If you experienced such behavior from your bank, please open a PR or an Issue.

**What we need:**
1. Name of the bank
2. SWIFT/BIC
3. A clear proof (an email, a pdf, a link to their policies...anything)

We will try to make a distinction between total block/ban and limits.

Bank | Ownership | SWIFT/BIC | Proof | Limits
 ------------ | ------------- | ------- | ------- | ------- 
[JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (Chase UK)](https://www.chase.co.uk/gb/en/) | JPMorgan | CHASGB2LXXX | [Official Statement](https://www.chase.co.uk/gb/en/support/crypto/) | :red_circle: TOTAL BAN |
[Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) (CBA.AX)](https://www.commbank.com.au/) | Mix of institutional, retail and individual investors |  CTBAAU2SXXX  | [Official Statement](https://www.commbank.com.au/support/security/cryptocurrency-payments.html) | :red_circle: TOTAL BAN |
[Wise](https://wise.com/) | Wise Europe SA | TRWIGB22XXX | [Official Statement](https://wise.com/help/articles/2932118/incompatible-accounts-and-payments) | You can receive money to your Wise account from a platform that deals with cryptocurrencies — as long as the platform is regulated and/or supervised in the EU or UK |
[The Royal Bank of Scotland](https://www.rbs.co.uk/) | NatWest Group | RBSSGBKCXXX | [Official Statement](https://www.supportcentre-rbs.co.uk/Searchable/1693188662/Payments-Cryptocurrency.htm) | They block or limit online banking and mobile app Faster Payments and Debit Card transactions made to these exchanges to £1k a day and £5k in any 30-day period. RBS also block the use of their Credit and Charge Cards to purchase cryptocurrency. The above steps apply to Personal, Business and Commercial customers. |
[Nationwide](https://www.nationwide.co.uk) | Owned by members | NAIAGB21 | [Official Statement](https://www.nationwide.co.uk/help/fraud-and-security/cryptocurrency-payment-restrictions/?et_cid=26323083&et_rid=170684709) | Debit card purchases limited to £5,000 a day, or £100 a day if you have a FlexOne account. You can no longer use your credit card to purchase cryptocurrencies. |
[Natwest](https://www.natwestgroup.com) | UK Government Investments | NWBKGB2LXXX | [Official Statement](https://www.natwestgroup.com/news-and-insights/news-room/press-releases/financial-capability-and-learning/2023/mar/natwest-limits-crypto-payments.html) | £1000 daily and £5000 30-day-limit imposed on cryptocurrency exchanges. |
[First Direct](https://www.firstdirect.com) | HSBC UK Bank plc | HBUKGB41, HBUKGB4B | [Official Statement](https://www.firstdirect.com/help/bank-accounts/payments-and-transfers/cryptocurrency/) | £2,500 for a single payment and a total payment limit of £10,000 in any rolling 30-day period. You can receive payments from cryptocurrency exchanges into your account. |

Commit message:

Distintion between Receiving Payments Limits and Sending Payments Limits |

README.md, after:

# BanksAgainstBitcoin
## A blacklist of banks that block movements to or from Bitcoin/Crypto related services. ##

In this blacklist you can find and report banks that are blocking of limiting transactions to / from Bitcoin or Crypto related services.
<br>If you experienced such behavior from your bank, please open a PR or an Issue.

**What we need:**
1. Name of the bank
2. SWIFT/BIC
3. A clear proof (an email, a pdf, a link to their policies...anything)

We will try to make a distinction between total block/ban and limits.

Bank | Ownership | SWIFT/BIC | Proof | Receiving Payments Limits | Sending Payments Limits |
 ------------ | ------------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | -------
[JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (Chase UK)](https://www.chase.co.uk/gb/en/) | JPMorgan | CHASGB2LXXX | [Official Statement](https://www.chase.co.uk/gb/en/support/crypto/) | :red_circle: TOTAL BAN | :red_circle: TOTAL BAN |
[Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) (CBA.AX)](https://www.commbank.com.au/) | Mix of institutional, retail and individual investors |  CTBAAU2SXXX  | [Official Statement](https://www.commbank.com.au/support/security/cryptocurrency-payments.html) | :red_circle: TOTAL BAN | :red_circle: TOTAL BAN |
[Wise](https://wise.com/) | Wise Europe SA | TRWIGB22XXX | [Official Statement](https://wise.com/help/articles/2932118/incompatible-accounts-and-payments) | You can receive money to your Wise account from a platform that deals with cryptocurrencies — as long as the platform is regulated and/or supervised in the EU or UK | n.a.
[The Royal Bank of Scotland](https://www.rbs.co.uk/) | NatWest Group | RBSSGBKCXXX | [Official Statement](https://www.supportcentre-rbs.co.uk/Searchable/1693188662/Payments-Cryptocurrency.htm) | n.a. | They block or limit online banking and mobile app Faster Payments and Debit Card transactions made to these exchanges to £1k a day and £5k in any 30-day period. RBS also block the use of their Credit and Charge Cards to purchase cryptocurrency. The above steps apply to Personal, Business and Commercial customers. |
[Nationwide](https://www.nationwide.co.uk) | Owned by members | NAIAGB21 | [Official Statement](https://www.nationwide.co.uk/help/fraud-and-security/cryptocurrency-payment-restrictions/?et_cid=26323083&et_rid=170684709) | n.a. | Debit card purchases limited to £5,000 a day, or £100 a day if you have a FlexOne account. You can no longer use your credit card to purchase cryptocurrencies. |
[Natwest](https://www.natwestgroup.com) | UK Government Investments | NWBKGB2LXXX | [Official Statement](https://www.natwestgroup.com/news-and-insights/news-room/press-releases/financial-capability-and-learning/2023/mar/natwest-limits-crypto-payments.html) | n.a. | £1000 daily and £5000 30-day-limit imposed on cryptocurrency exchanges. |
[First Direct](https://www.firstdirect.com) | HSBC UK Bank plc | HBUKGB41, HBUKGB4B | [Official Statement](https://www.firstdirect.com/help/bank-accounts/payments-and-transfers/cryptocurrency/) | :thumbsup: NO BAN <br>You can receive payments from cryptocurrency exchanges into your account. | £2,500 for a single payment and a total payment limit of £10,000 in any rolling 30-day period. |


Legend:
n.a. = Information is not available
